readme.md, before:

# [Lumen 5.7 Dingo Boilerplate](https://github.com/lloricode/lumen-dingo-boilerplate)
still developing

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/lloricode/lumen-dingo-boilerplate.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/lloricode/lumen-dingo-boilerplate)

A template made from [Lumen 5.7.*](https://lumen.laravel.com/), authenticated with [laravel/passport](https://github.com/laravel/passport)



### Installing

- after cloning/downloding this repo, first open to terminal then change directory to a project directory.
- sample, in linux, `cd lumen-dingo-boilerplate`.
- run `composer install` to install project dependencies.
- copy `.env.example` to `.env`. (dont just rename it), for team reference purpose.
- prepare you environment in `.env`
- lumen has no `php artisan key:generate`, so you can [google](https://google.com/search?q=how+to+add+APP_KEY+in+lumen) it to add value first.
- run `composer fresh`, this will migrate and seed fake data to your database, and install laravel passport. see composer.json `scripts` index.
- if you not familiar with  [laravel/passport](https://github.com/laravel/passport), you must see  [this](https://github.com/laravel/passport) first.
- how to login? see [laravel/passport](https://github.com/laravel/passport)

### Available Endpoints

- to generate documentation run `php artisan api:docs`.
- or see this generated [docs](https://github.com/lloricode/lumen-dingo-boilerplate/blob/master/endpoint-docs.md).

## Running the tests
- you can view integration [here](https://travis-ci.org/lloricode/lumen-dingo-boilerplate)
- go to project directory.
- run `vendor/bin/phpunit`, if you running this via [homestead](https://laravel.com/docs/5.7/homestead), you can run this through `ssh` via `phpunit` in current project directory.
- run `composer coverage` to see code coverage via `html`.
- run `composer coverage-txt` to see code coverage via `terminal`.


## Built With

* [laravel/lumen-framework:5.7.*](https://github.com/laravel/lumen-framework) - The stunningly fast micro-framework by Laravel.
* [dingo/api](https://github.com/dingo/api) - A RESTful API package for the Laravel and Lumen frameworks.
* [laravel/passport](https://github.com/laravel/passport) - OAuth2 server and API authentication, fix installed by [dusterio/lumen-passport](https://github.com/dusterio/lumen-passport).
* [andersao/l5-repository](https://github.com/andersao/l5-repository) - Repositories to abstract the database layer.
* [spatie/laravel-permission](https://github.com/spatie/laravel-permission) - Associate users with roles and permissions.


See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/lloricode/lumen-dingo-boilerplate/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

:new: Docs UI.
Signed-off-by: Lloric Mayuga Garcia <lloricode@gmail.com>

readme.md, after:

# [Lumen 5.7 Dingo Boilerplate](https://github.com/lloricode/lumen-dingo-boilerplate)
still developing

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/lloricode/lumen-dingo-boilerplate.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/lloricode/lumen-dingo-boilerplate)

A template made from [Lumen 5.7.*](https://lumen.laravel.com/), authenticated with [laravel/passport](https://github.com/laravel/passport)



### Installing

- after cloning/downloding this repo, first open to terminal then change directory to a project directory.
- sample, in linux, `cd lumen-dingo-boilerplate`.
- run `composer install` to install project dependencies.
- copy `.env.example` to `.env`. (dont just rename it), for team reference purpose.
- prepare you environment in `.env`
- lumen has no `php artisan key:generate`, so you can [google](https://google.com/search?q=how+to+add+APP_KEY+in+lumen) it to add value first.
- run `composer fresh`, this will migrate and seed fake data to your database, and install laravel passport. see composer.json `scripts` index.
- if you not familiar with  [laravel/passport](https://github.com/laravel/passport), you must see  [this](https://github.com/laravel/passport) first.
- how to login? see [laravel/passport](https://github.com/laravel/passport)

### Available Endpoints

- to generate documentation run `php artisan apidocs`, then visit `http://lumen-dingo-boilerplate.test/docs` to your browser. 

## Running the tests
- you can view integration [here](https://travis-ci.org/lloricode/lumen-dingo-boilerplate)
- go to project directory.
- run `vendor/bin/phpunit`, if you running this via [homestead](https://laravel.com/docs/5.7/homestead), you can run this through `ssh` via `phpunit` in current project directory.
- run `composer coverage` to see code coverage via `html`.
- run `composer coverage-txt` to see code coverage via `terminal`.


## Built With

* [laravel/lumen-framework:5.7.*](https://github.com/laravel/lumen-framework) - The stunningly fast micro-framework by Laravel.
* [dingo/api](https://github.com/dingo/api) - A RESTful API package for the Laravel and Lumen frameworks.
* [laravel/passport](https://github.com/laravel/passport) - OAuth2 server and API authentication, fix installed by [dusterio/lumen-passport](https://github.com/dusterio/lumen-passport).
* [andersao/l5-repository](https://github.com/andersao/l5-repository) - Repositories to abstract the database layer.
* [spatie/laravel-permission](https://github.com/spatie/laravel-permission) - Associate users with roles and permissions.


See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/lloricode/lumen-dingo-boilerplate/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
